fix: warning with vite@8.1.0 (#15230)
remix-run/react-router: packages/react-router-dev/.changes/patch.fix-envfile-warning-appeared-vite810.md

> Fix an "envFile" warning that appeared when using vite@8.1.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replace the deprecated `envFile:false` Vite config with `envDir:false` to eliminate a deprecation warning when using vite@8.1.0+
```
